# Project Euler solutions

Each `.java` file contains the solution to a [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/) question. These solutions are my own original work. No other solutions were consulted.

## Q1 - Multiples of 3 or 5

If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.

Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.

**Solution:** [Euler1.java](Euler1.java)

## Q2 - Even Fibonacci numbers

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

**Solution:** [Euler2.java](Euler2.java)

## Q3 - Largest prime factor

The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.

What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143 ?

**Solution:** [Euler3.java](Euler3.java)

## Q4 - Largest palindrome product

A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99.

Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.

**Solution:** [Euler4.java](Euler4.java)

## Q5 - Smallest multiple

2520 is the smallest number that can be divided by each of the numbers from 1 to 10 without any remainder.

What is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible by all of the numbers from 1 to 20?

**Solution:** [Euler5.java](Euler5.java)

## Q6 - Sum square difference

The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is,

    1² + 2² + ... + 10² = 385

The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is,

    (1 + 2 + ... + 10)² = 55² = 3025

Hence the difference between the sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers and the square of the sum is `3025 - 385 = 2640`.

Find the difference between the sum of the squares of the first one hundred natural numbers and the square of the sum.

**Solution:** [Euler6.java](Euler6.java)

## Q7 - 10001st prime

By listing the first six prime numbers: 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, and 13, we can see that the 6th prime is 13.

What is the 10 001st prime number?

**Solution:** [Euler7.java](Euler7.java)
